First pass at HAIP HPKE section (#362)
vcstuff/oid4vc-haip-sd-jwt-vc: 1.1/openid4vc-high-assurance-interoperability-profile-1_1.md

Additional requirements for OpenID4VP are defined in (#oid4vp-redirects), (#oid4vp-dc-api), (#oid4vp-credential-formats), (#crypto-suites) and (#hash-algorithms).

Note that while this specification does not define profiles for X.509 certificates used in Verifier authentication (e.g., with the `x509_hash` Client Identifier Prefix), Ecosystems are encouraged to select suitable certificate issuing policies and certificate profiles (for example, an mDL Ecosystem can use the Reader Authentication Certificate profile defined in Annex B of ISO/IEC 18013-5 with `x509_hash`), or define new ones if there is a good reason to do so. Such policies and profiles MAY specify how information in the certificate corresponds to information in the presentation flows. For example, an Ecosystem might require that the Wallet verifies that the `redirect_uri`, `response_uri`, `origin`, or `expected_origin` request parameters match with information contained in the Verifier's end-entity certificate (e.g., its DNS name).

> The following combinations of the flows are supported by this specification:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following combinations of flows are supported by this specification:
```

* OpenID for Verifiable Presentations via Redirects & Response Encryption using ECDH-ES with JWE
* OpenID for Verifiable Presentations via Redirects & Response Encryption using HPKE with JWE
* OpenID for Verifiable Presentations via W3C Digital Credentials API & Response Encryption using ECDH-ES with JWE
* OpenID for Verifiable Presentations via W3C Digital Credentials API & Response Encryption using HPKE with JWE

## Response Encryption

> Response encryption can be done using JWE with either ECDH-ES or HPKE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Response encryption MUST be done using JWE with either ECDH-ES or HPKE.
```

The original bullet item also defined it as such.

Author: ```suggestion
Response encryption is done using JWE with either ECDH-ES or HPKE.
```

> The Wallet MUST determine `alg` header parameter in the `jwks` client metadata parameter and return an `invelid_request` error if it does not support algorithm indicated by the verifier.

Author: ```suggestion
The Wallet MUST determine the `alg` header parameter for each JWK in the `jwks` client metadata parameter and return an `invalid_request` error if it does not support any of the algorithms supplied by the verifier.
```

### Response Encryption using ECDH-ES with JWE

> Response encryption MUST be performed as specified in [@!OIDF.OID4VP, section 8.3]. The JWE `alg` (algorithm) header parameter (see [@!RFC7516, section 4.1.1]) value `ECDH-ES` (as defined in [@!RFC7518, section 4.6]), with key agreement utilizing keys on the `P-256` curve (see [@!RFC7518, section 6.2.1.1]) MUST be supported. The JWE `enc` (encryption algorithm) header parameter (see [@!RFC7516, section 4.1.2]) values `A128GCM` and `A256GCM` (as defined in [@!RFC7518, section 5.3]) MUST be supported by Verifiers. Wallets MUST support `A128GCM` or `A256GCM`, or both. If both are supported, the Wallet SHOULD use `A256GCM` for the JWE `enc`. Verifiers MUST list both `A128GCM` and `A256GCM` in `encrypted_response_enc_values_supported` in their client metadata.

Reviewer 2: I think this makes the normative requirement clearer:

```suggestion
Response encryption MUST be performed as specified in [@!OIDF.OID4VP, section 8.3]. The JWE `alg` (algorithm) header parameter (see [@!RFC7516, section 4.1.1]) value `ECDH-ES` (as defined in [@!RFC7518, section 4.6]), with key agreement utilizing keys on the `P-256` curve (see [@!RFC7518, section 6.2.1.1]) MUST be supported. The JWE `enc` (encryption algorithm) header parameter (see [@!RFC7516, section 4.1.2]) values `A128GCM` and `A256GCM` (as defined in [@!RFC7518, section 5.3]) MUST be supported by Verifiers. Wallets MUST support `A128GCM` or `A256GCM` or both. If the Wallet supports both, it SHOULD use `A256GCM` for the JWE `enc`. Verifiers MUST list both `A128GCM` and `A256GCM` in `encrypted_response_enc_values_supported` in their client metadata.
```

### Response Encryption using HPKE with JWE

> Response encryption MUST be performed as specified in [@!OIDF.OID4VP, section 8.3.1] using Integrated Encryption. The JWE `alg` (algorithm) header parameter (see [@!RFC7516, section 4.1.1]) value `HPKE-0` (as defined in [@I-D.ietf-jose-hpke-encrypt]) MUST be supported by Wallets and Verifiers. `psk_id` (pre-shared key id) header parameter MUST NOT be present. The JWE `enc` (encryption algorithm) header parameter (see [@!RFC7516, section 4.1.2]) MUST NOT be present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Response encryption MUST be performed as specified in [@!OIDF.OID4VP, section 8.3.1] using JOSE HPKE integrated encryption. The JWE `alg` (algorithm) header parameter (see [@!RFC7516, section 4.1.1]) value `HPKE-0` (as defined in [@I-D.ietf-jose-hpke-encrypt]) MUST be supported by Wallets and Verifiers. `psk_id` (pre-shared key id) header parameter MUST NOT be present. The JWE `enc` (encryption algorithm) header parameter (see [@!RFC7516, section 4.1.2]) MUST NOT be present.
```

Consistent with how OpenID4VP uses integrated encryption.

> Response encryption MUST be performed as specified in [@!OIDF.OID4VP, section 8.3.1] using JOSE HPKE integrated encryption. The JWE `alg` (algorithm) header parameter (see [@!RFC7516, section 4.1.1]) value `HPKE-0` (as defined in [@I-D.ietf-jose-hpke-encrypt]) MUST be supported by Wallets and Verifiers. `psk_id` (pre-shared key id) header parameter MUST NOT be present. The JWE `enc` (encryption algorithm) header parameter (see [@!RFC7516, section 4.1.2]) MUST NOT be present.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Response encryption MUST be performed as specified in [@!OIDF.OID4VP, section 8.3.1] using JOSE HPKE integrated encryption. The JWE `alg` (algorithm) header parameter (see [@!RFC7516, section 4.1.1]) value `HPKE-0` (as defined in [@I-D.ietf-jose-hpke-encrypt]) MUST be supported by Wallets and Verifiers. The `psk_id` (pre-shared key id) header parameter MUST NOT be present. The JWE `enc` (encryption algorithm) header parameter (see [@!RFC7516, section 4.1.2]) MUST NOT be present.
```

> Response encryption MUST be performed as specified in [@!OIDF.OID4VP, section 8.3.1] using JOSE HPKE integrated encryption. The JWE `alg` (algorithm) header parameter (see [@!RFC7516, section 4.1.1]) value `HPKE-0` (as defined in [@I-D.ietf-jose-hpke-encrypt]) MUST be supported by Wallets and Verifiers. `psk_id` (pre-shared key id) header parameter MUST NOT be present. The JWE `enc` (encryption algorithm) header parameter (see [@!RFC7516, section 4.1.2]) MUST NOT be present.

Reviewer 2: > `psk_id` (pre-shared key id) header parameter MUST NOT be present

> The JWE `enc` (encryption algorithm) header parameter (see [@!RFC7516, section 4.1.2]) MUST NOT be present.

It would probably be helpful to clarify where/when they must not be present.

## Wallet Invocation

> Either redirects or W3C Digital Credentials API can be used by the Verifiers.

Reviewer: Defined as such this is incomplete IMO. For example, in the section "OpenID for Verifiable Presentations via W3C Digital Credentials API" it is described as follows.

> The Wallet MUST support Wallet Invocation via the W3C Digital Credentials API **or an equivalent platform API**.

Author: ```suggestion
Either redirects or W3C Digital Credentials API (or an equivalent platform API) can be used by the Verifiers as defined in this section.
```

this is just an intro statement

> Either redirects or W3C Digital Credentials API (or an equivalent platform API) can be used by the Verifiers as defined in this section.

Reviewer 2: I think this is really normative language. It should be rewritten to make this clear. Here's what I think is intended:
```suggestion
Verifiers that use OpenID for Verifiable Presentations via redirects or the W3C Digital Credentials API (or an equivalent platform API) MUST follow the requirements defined in this section.
```

### Response Encryption using HPKE with JWE

> Response encryption MUST be performed as specified in [@!OIDF.OID4VP, section 8.3.1]. The JWE `alg` (algorithm) header parameter (see [@!RFC7516, section 4.1.1]) value `HPKE-0` (as defined in [@I-D.ietf-jose-hpke-encrypt]). `psk_id` (pre-shared key id) header parameter MUST NOT be present. The JWE `enc` (encryption algorithm) header parameter (see [@!RFC7516, section 4.1.2]) value `A128GCM` (as defined in [@!RFC7518, section 5.3]) MUST be supported by Verifiers and Wallets.

Author: ```suggestion
Response encryption MUST be performed as specified in [@!OIDF.OID4VP, section 8.3.1] using Integrated Encryption. The JWE `alg` (algorithm) header parameter (see [@!RFC7516, section 4.1.1]) value `HPKE-0` (as defined in [@I-D.ietf-jose-hpke-encrypt]) MUST be supported by Wallets and Verifiers. `psk_id` (pre-shared key id) header parameter MUST NOT be present. The JWE `enc` (encryption algorithm) header parameter (see [@!RFC7516, section 4.1.2]) MUST NOT be present.
```
